Add `Beatmap Spotlight Curators` article (#8363)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/People/The_Team/en.md

| Name | Description |
| :-- | :-- |
| [Beatmap Nominators](Beatmap_Nominators) | Users going above and beyond the call to ensure your maps get qualified |

> | [Beatmap Spotlight Curators](Beatmap_Spotlight_Curators) | Responsible for selecting high-quality maps for seasonal Spotlights |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Beatmap Spotlight Curators](Beatmap_Spotlight_Curators) | Responsible for selecting high-quality maps for the [Beatmap Spotlights](/wiki/Beatmap_Spotlights) |
```
